in the highly competitive small car segment
hyundai has to stay competitive
i20 missed a facelift
the biggest changes were on the
Frontpartie made here
now a hexagonal grille
as a striking brand symbol next to the
Fresh optics became the i20
designed economical fueled
became the new diesel engine in hyundai
development center in rüsselsheim
the small diesel engine here in the hyundai
i20 has only 1.1 liters of displacement and
only three cylinders are called downsizing
that in general
this gives the engine an extreme
robust sound but rich
Thank you very much
However, you expect a bit
faster response on the gas
lasts a long time until the engine
sometimes on tours comes but chic
small compact engine whether the
loading capacity of hyundai probably synonymous so
compact is the trunk here in 20
offers 295 liters of cargo volume in the
normal configuration if you have this for
works and then invites under the roof
after all, you get that on 1060 liters
is already for a car of this size
quite decent value not quite so
Neat is the processing here in
my eyes that could all here the
rear wall of the seats and also down here
Covering the floor could do it all
be a bit higher quality but it
fulfills its purpose
So let's take a look inside
we have a steering wheel we have seats
front and back
you also sit comfortably the steering wheel
feels good
the dashboard yes yes that is
actually a pity that sees from afar
nice but we have somehow here
so funny in this car
I like the color differences
not so good here now is the
key and we have a lot of good even
that means I just have to hit the start button
press and then the little one starts
to look at motörchen and we can
finally look like the car because
moves
in 15 7 seconds accelerates the i20
from 0 to 100 the top speed
is at 158 km h reaches the consumption
gives hyundai with 3.2 liters of fuel
at 100 kilometers
the realistic consumption at normal
driving style is more likely to be 4 5
liters
compared to the competition still
an acceptable result
it's just me already
said the engine needs pretty much
long until he gets into mood
really agile so off
two and a half 2000 revolutions is that
then and then it is ok you can
of course, from a 55 kilowatt engine
but not too big jumps expected
it's enough for this little car
Actually the circuit is nice
relatively short switching paths can be precise
you go through the courses six courses
we have here in the i20 1.1 crd ii
The steering is good but is
not too hard so the steering is already
designed to be in the city with it
can still park comfortably depending on
The jewish still offers equipment
more relief when parking in the
City is also the optional one
rear view camera then the picture here
at the top of the mirror you can see
simply better than by the
rear window how far you still have space
to the car behind one
I also like that you are here on
the multifunction steering wheel all things
that you need during the ride
we have a cruise control we have here
I can control the radio from here
answer phone calls and again
hang up
that is very comfortable it
everything works automatically their
the light automatically
wiper goes when it rains the
automatically if I want that
would be in a car a few years ago
this class is not at all
conceivable
luckily they showed them
by itself if you are by car
a longer time on the road makes it
everything is a good figure
small shortcoming of the seat there's namely
down here a cross brace and the
keeps me in the back all the time
so that sit here reasonably
uncomfortable conclusion is therefore my conclusion
to the hyundai i20 he certainly is not
Rocket with the small 55 kilowatt
diesel engine and really long
I would ride with it too
do not want
but I do not think that car either
built for that is more like that
so that I can go to the city or
live in a local place to work
and can do my errands
The trunk is indeed big enough
and the car is really successful